Document ralph's tutorial (#163)
openfun/ralph: tutorial/index.md

# Learn how to use Ralph

> This tutorial is intended for new or beginning users of `ralph`.

> > It is required to have some knowledge of the UNIX system flows, basic notions in data management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is required to have some knowledge of the UNIX system streams and basic notions in data management.
```

> An understanding of edX and xAPI learning data standardization formats is preferred.

> _Nota : In this tutorial, it is considered your machine is on Linux distribution.
> If you are working on Windows, we highly recommend you either to use a machine on Linux
> or to install [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _nota bene_: in this tutorial, it is considered that you are running a UNIX system. If you are a Windows user, consider installing [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)._
```

> ## Let's start !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Let's start!
```
